Update ruby tracer instructions now that full propagation is supported (#16835)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/guide/connect_dbm_and_apm.md

{{% tab "Ruby" %}}

> In your Gemfile, install or udpate [dd-trace-rb][1] to version greater than `1.8.0`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your Gemfile, install or update [dd-trace-rb][1] to version `1.8.0` or greater:
```
